Meet My Water 


TagLine:

	to Test, Contribute, and Protect our water
	
Mission:

	1.)	To provide local water testing result, water supplier, and water supervisor
		resource information to any individual based on their provided location.  And to
		provide a platform for residents and utilities to upload their water testing results for a public and programmatic analysis.
 
	
	
So What? 

	1.) Recognizing the current state of Federal affairs in the United States, it has become clear that science which does not
		come to favorable conclusions as determined by the funder, will no longer be considered in the crafting of public policy.  
		In the midst of great disagreement and political debate about the nature of what corporations value, and where their 
		science is likely to point, there is one particular resource which we must agree cannot be allowed to be corrupted even for one
		single minute longer.  
		
	2.) This platform is intended to create a space for true citizenship by:
		
		a.) empowering citizens to be informed and involved in discussions about their water supply
		b.) giving empowered citizens a simple way to contribute
		c.) creating opportunities for those more dogged to analyze data any way they like
		d.) allowing local, regional, and national legislators get an accurate, real-time view of their respective water supply, and...
			--)using that information to craft more effective local legislation
		e.) open-sourcing the development of tools to aid in the detection of problems in the water supply
		f.) providing quick and reliable access to information channels which have ability, authority, and desire to stop problems
		g.) providing block-chained 'bad report' tickets to ensure successful transfer of information relating to potentially harmful events and states
		h.) through blockchain tech, allowing an open audit of the transfer of information regarding hazards, in order to maintain accountability
		
	3.) This concept will open up the auditing process and protect our water supply for everyone in the country
	
Potential Intellectual Property:

	1.)	Designs of a reusable water testing kit with USB interface for automatic
		analysis and uploading of data in a reasonably secure way.  Checking
		current patents....
	
	2.) Designs of sections of pipe with programmable components, which are designed 
		to analyze and upload results regularly and automatically. "DataPipe"
		
	3.) "Waterscore" trademark
	
	4.) Development of middleware to format test results located in other databases for our platform

Revenue Streams:

	1.) Direct sales of water testing kits via Amazon, with links from website

	2.) Advertising

	3.) Donations
	
	4.) Sales of Proprietary Analysis of data to local municipalities
		a.) Although all raw data will be freely available to the public on visit to the site

Structure:
	Key Points:
	
		1.) Meet My Water would best be served as a not-for-profit organization to take advantage 
			of any tax implications of doing business
		
		2.) owners can be paid in disbursement form, typically equitably (I Think)
		
		3.) Owners can be paid salary at company discretion, recognizing transparency
	
Software Requirements:

	1.) Hosting services
		a.) GoDaddy
		b.) Cloudflare
		c.) Amazon
	2.) Database and webpage management

Strategy:
	Key Points:
		
		1.) Phase 1 involves initial build-out of web-platform and uploaded test results in particular areas,
			to later be coordinated with marketing.  Refining and designing the site for ease of use and simplicity at
			every opportunity.  Building and designing report mechanics to be developed but a functional site.  Products 
			to be researched and the appropriate patents applied for, and work furthering the development of those patents.  
			Meanwhile, manual testing and uploading of results to the database in key areas which will be used to craft the
			marketing budget for roll-out.  Also, the contacting and communication with each water facility to convey concept
			and beseech their involvement.
			
		2.) Phase 2 consists of the run-up to the initial marketing kick-off, expanding the site capacity and very-small-order 
			product manufacturing for initial inventory of patented products.  The initial marketing budget will respect highest 
			concentrations of reports generated by fieldwork or otherwise, as well as water facilities which exuberantly champion 
			our mission.  Work continues to test and generate reports in under-served areas (damn near everywhere at first) and 
			conduct local discussions with water facilities personnel.  Work also continues updating, validating, entering info
			into the database.
			
		3.) In Phase 3, the growth begins after the initial marketing roll-out.  Repeating a pattern of testing and area and committing
			results to the site, and subsequently market to that area.  The goal of p3 to establish "bases" in each of our defined regions.  
			Work continues testing and bettering the user experience in the website, and making sure it works and is secure.  R&D continues
			as is afforded by sales of products and donations from marketed areas.  Contract employees may be used to complete testing of 
			wider ares to more quickly define "bases".  Revenue allowing, an office should be established from where we can coordinate efforts
			to complete p3 goal.
			
		4.) Phase 4 deals with the standardization of our products and methods into local building codes and standard practices.  As we continue 
			use volunteers and contract workers to move further from our "bases" and grow the movement, we are lobbying our local legislators where
			we have had some time and exposure.  Our arguement will be that this has so much importance to the community, that our "datapipe" technology 
			should be used in every new construction.  This will take lobbyists and people familiar with such things to accomplish.  More routes to consider 
			at this point would be lobbying for return of a portion of the 2G network to be dedicated to National Security via infastructure management (via Datapipe comms)
			
		5.) Phase 5 we enjoy the benefits of having made our products required by most local laws across the country, taking our payment 
			every. single. time. someone breaks ground in the country.  
		
		6.) Phase 6 - Hookers and Blow?
			
	
	
Kinds of information in Database:  (as Crazy as these may sound)
		
	1.) List of all companies that supply water to, via municipal line or otherwise, to people 
		residing on US soil for typical use 
	
	2.) List of all water related facilities, by owner (operator and otherwise) and their respective, affected community by zip code, and
	
	3.) ...a list of one of the following for each, represented by a specific level of confidence
		indicated by ease of access to the individual and information, ordered by confidence level:
		a.) Name and Contact info of company QC and community outreach representative. (Company Supplied) (assumes no 
			company outreach rep if none supplied)
		b.) Name and Contact info of local head of company QC. (Researched)
		c.) Name and Contact info of head of operations. (Researched)
		d.) Registered agent of local company operations. (Researched, Public Record)
		
	4.) List of testing deficiencies or 'bad-report' as uploaded by tools, organized by water service operation, date, location, etc.
	
Types of expenses in Phase 1:
	
	Fixed:
	1.) Hosting Services
	
	2.) Company Phone Plan
	
	3.) Gas budget for travel
	
	4.) Water Testing Kits
	
	5.) Research and Development (patents and parts)
	
	
	
	Marginal:
	1.) Web-site Development
	
	2.) Web-site data verification and update

	
	
Types of expenses in Phase 2:
	Including most phase 1 costs...
	
	Fixed:
	1.) Increase in site capacity
	
	2.) Initial Marketing Budget
	
	3.) Initial Inventory 
	
	
	Marginal:	
	1.) Wages
	
	
	
Types of expenses in Phase 3:
	Plus 1 and 2....
	
	Fixed:
	1.) Rent & Util
	
	2.) Legal Budget
	
	
	Marginal:
	1.) Manufacturing Products
	
	2.) Expense Budget
	
	3.) Wages
	
	4.) More R&D
	
	5.) Marketing
		a.)  Respectable percentage of donations(~15%)
	
	
	
Types of expenses in Phase 4:
	....yeah.....
	
	Fixed:
	1.) Lobbyist
	
	2.) Owner Salary - $100k Annually
	
	
	Marginal:
	
	
	
Types of expenses in Phase 5:
	
	Fixed:
	1.) Owner Salary - $250K Annually
	
	
	Marginal:
	
	
	
Types of expenses in Phase 6:

	Fixed:
	1.) Blow
	
	Marginal:
	1.) Hookers
	
	
	
Why might an Investor Care?

1.) The possession of a non-profit which pays well can be great for many reasons.
2.) Can be started with minimal expense, where growth comes from proven revenue streams
3.) Defined exposure, failure to take hold in phase 3 shutters concept as profitable idea
4.) Still can accept donations and continue pursuing mission for public database of recent 
	and reliable testing results in spite of failure to realize profit
5.) Patents and licensing available through end of patent life


Types of Competition and SWOT:
	
	1.)  EWG has a foothold in this area with respect to their /tapwater page.  It seems to be 
		quite comprehensive with links to filters which rid particular chemicals, as well as testing 
		results for all contaminants, and their health effects at certain doses. Side by side comparisons of
		results from the state, national, and average for this utility.  The site is really well designed to 
		provide information, but really appears inept in its ability to motivate a group of people to change
		their immediate surroundings through action.  
		
		of EWG
		Strengths:
		1.) Beautiful, engaging design
		2.) Rich in information, both remedial and toxin information
		3.) One element representing most recent compliance of utility with local regulations
		4.) Developed infastructure and compiled lists of local regulations, utilities, and limits
		
		Weaknesses:
		1.) Not much community information, not very personal
		2.) Old test results; at best, the information pertaining to a disaster would be made available 3+ years
			after events occurred.
		3.) Not easy to find accountability records for each utility via website.  
		4.) No input from the community on water quality
		
		of MMY
		Opportunities:
		1.) Combine engaging design with rich and pertinent information to ease the auditing process related
			to water events
		2.) Develop and easy way to make water an easy conversation with public officials
		
Key points differentiating between MMY and EWG

	1.) MMY is programmatically cooperative.  Data displayed in rich way, but also allows access to raw data for software 
		development
	2.) MMY is up-to-date.  With a goal of an analysis of every single public water system in the US, every 30 days. 
	3.) MMY provides chain of authority information regarding each water source
	
	
Actionable Items:
	1.) Develop proprietary water testing kit including USB

	
	